---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-05T12:44:25.821Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-05T12:44:19.120Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-02-a5d6eca3-b513-4543-ade1-31068a15731c.md
published: true
url: a5d6eca3-b513-4543-ade1-31068a15731c/index.html
_type: Article

---
****

**Book Published,
"Truth Serum, Watering Seasons of My Love" **

On September 29, 2012 

author, poet, educator, and facilitator

, Autumn Reign released her
debut poetry collection -- "Truth Serum, Watering Seasons of My Love" The book
is complete with poetic canvases of love for those who ever dared to love.

The book "Truth Serum,
Watering Seasons of My Love" By Autumn Reign is a composite of the truths many
of us have experienced and wanted to shout about. It captures and puts into
words the pain and agony of lost trust and new love, it resounds loudly with
flavors of wishes, dreams and realities. It is a must read for the lovers at
heart, the lost and lonely, and those who may have given up on love in its
harshest experiences. It is a must for those who want to feel their passions again
and see them in writing through another's voice. We could not live without the
seasons of Love and its ever changing landscape; hence "Watering Seasons of
My Love" is a perfect follow of the title "Truth Serum" the
book.

Autumn's overarching
message to women, men, lovers and couples:

Celebrate the one you love
more honestly and love like it is your last time to love. 

The multi-talented, passionate and creative Autumn Reign
states, "No matter the threat of thunderstorm in my sky, you have been the
lightening that has illuminated my heart, I cannot always express why or what
but the light has always been there shining awaiting your return...

Loving you has always been cloudy on a clear
day."

Autumn Reign is a native of Boston MA.

She grew up in Dorchester; attended Boston
High school and Northeastern University.

She moved to Minneapolis in 1997 and is a current resident with her
family.

She is an educator, violence prevention
facilitator and community activist in Minneapolis.

She
is especially interested in working with youth and their families to gain
access into secondary education.

She
enjoys actively working in the community to bring awareness, to social justice
issues such as poverty, equity in education, incarceration of rates in the U.S.

You can learn more
about Autumn Reign on Face book or "Truth Serum, Watering Seasons of My Love"
is also available for purchase on Amazon.com.